Hey, good morning family. Praise the Lord. Thank you for joining me today. I have my sweetheart with me again.
I have a very sobering word, is what I want to call it, for what the Lord has given me today. It's very heavy; it's correction for the body.
But whenever you get a word like this, and you see into the future, and you see hearts, there was so much the Lord showed me driving around when I was praying over our city today.
Quite frankly, I don't even know where to start or how to even bring this up because of how correction was said and what the Lord said.
So, I'm asking the Holy Spirit for help right now. I want to deliver it accurately, and I want to deliver it with none of Brandon, all of Jesus.
Okay, so this is what I saw. I saw a great economic crisis coming.
I haven't seen this in a while: an economic 1930s-style crash on steroids.
All I've seen was this blessing, but the Lord brought the blessing in with the crash again.
And as I was driving around, I could see—the Lord said, 'What you see is poor now.
There will be no middle class in the days ahead. There will be no middle class.
There will be poor, and there'll be extreme poor, and then there will be rich.'He said, 'What you see right now—as you see what you consider the people who work at McDonald's, Taco Bell employees, maybe making a little bit above minimum wage, would be considered the middle class in the days ahead.
And what we consider poor will be so poor that I saw what I can only describe as poverty like I've never seen before in America.'As I was driving around, I was having an open-eyed vision, and I was actually seeing the way it was in future time, in real-time, driving around.
And I can tell you, I've never done this before. I could see tent cities of homeless people walking around.
Like when you go to LA and you see a homeless street like Skid Row, this was everywhere.
And I can tell you, I saw the housing crisis coming again with people not being able to pay their mortgages—not just a couple hundred people, I'm talking thousands upon thousands of people not being able to pay their mortgages or their car loans.
And there was foreclosure everywhere, to the point where I was wondering who was not foreclosing on their houses.
Like I said, there was no middle class. There was poor, there was extreme poor, and then there was the rich.
But there was a Robin Hood mentality that I saw. There was such a hatred towards the rich.
And what I saw in rich neighborhoods was that they had security, armed security, around their houses and around their property at all times because the people would loot them and steal from them.
And there were certain streets that we were driving down that I knew, that the Lord showed me in the future, it would not be safe for women to go on those streets.
To the point where right now there are malls there, there are nice restaurants there, and the Lord showed me that there would be times in the future that you could not be a woman and go down these streets at night at all.
As I drove around, he said to me, 'Woe, America, I have favored you above all other nations with prosperity. I have held you in my hand.
I have held you in my hand.'It was the way that the blessing was on America—the favor and the blessing that has been on our nation.
And I saw, as I was driving around, a shaking of finances beyond anything I've ever seen before.
But he talked to me about the wave of blessing, this window of opportunity, and how he said, 'Brandon, even I, even my wife, we've got to come up even higher in the fire to listen to what he's asking and instructing us to do.'I saw people fleeing the city again, and masses going to rural land and having places of getaway because of how bad it was.
I saw people pillaging grocery stores, pillaging farmers'fields and tractors.
I'm talking it looked like something out of a Mad Max movie, the way the people were acting.
And like I said, I've never seen poverty like I saw in these visions as I was driving around praying over our city.
This is Oklahoma; I can't even imagine what it looked like up north.
But the Lord said, 'You took part of the word that I said to you about there being glory events instead of sporting events, and you just kind of bypassed it.
You didn't think into what I was telling you, that the people would not have finances to go to a sporting event in the days ahead, and that these major sporting teams would have to file bankruptcy because they were not able to pay their big sports teams their salaries.
The major contracts that were signed concerning some of these major players, they won't be able to afford them because the teams will not have support from the fans.'So, I saw again the Lord speaking to me about major teams, sporting event teams, that will file bankruptcy because of what's coming in the near future.
We have a window of opportunity the Lord is giving us to listen to him for the wealth transfer. What qualifies you for the wealth transfer?
And the Lord gave you specific instructions about sowing and what cost you something versus bucket plunkers where you just give a couple hundred bucks and you think, 'Well, I qualified for the wealth transfer,'and the Lord said, 'That's not what qualifies.
The one percent will walk in this.'And I saw again today the heart of the church as a whole.
I'm not going to say it's each individual person. I'm saying as a whole.
Okay? It's fair; this is fair. I saw an apple that looked gorgeous on the outside. And this apple was just juicy looking.
But the Lord said, 'I want to take you to the core of what this fruit really is and the fruit of the church as a whole in America.'And it was rotten at the core; it was rotten on the inside.
Everything that was displayed on the inside looked like rotten sludge; it was black and putrid and nasty, and it was just so disgusting.
But the further it went on the outside, and the display of what it tried to display itself, was beautiful and lush.
But when you took a bite out of it, it wasn't the first bite that was bad.
It was after you bit it several times and then you got to the center.
And the closer you got to the center of the core of the church, it was rotten. And the Lord said, 'I want you to see what I see.
I want you to see what comes before me as you ask for revival, but yet I'm trying to bring healing at a certain church, but you're too concerned about timeframes.
It's not convenient. And what I'm about to do in this end-time outpouring will not be convenient to you—the 30-minute services, maybe the hour services.
Well, you know, we had service two days ago, but you know, we prayed for the revival and a couple of people got saved.
And yet we are interceding and we're wanting so much, but yet we want to give so little.'And the Lord showed me there's so much in the hearts of the leaders.
I saw people that were something in the past trying to be Sauls, asking to present themselves as if the anointing and the glory was still there.
But the Lord said, 'It's a great Ichabod coming. There's a great Ichabod coming on a lot of these people, and they don't even know the glory has departed.
The glory has departed. Their heart is far from me.'What you're about to see is this scripture come to full manifestation, and the church has never seen this before.
And so I want you to read this scripture, baby. It says, 'And because iniquity shall abound, the love of many shall wax cold.'And that's Matthew.
'But he that shall endure until the end, the same shall be saved.'And this gospel of the kingdom shall be preached in all the world for a witness unto all nations, and then the end shall come. So we're at that place right now.
What He started talking to us about is that the love of many will wax cold, and He said you're going to see pillaging and you're going to see people in the body of Christ do things that you never thought you would see, with a turning on people.
I saw it. When He used that scripture, I saw the way it was with people, and the way they were not safe to go to Walmart. It was rough. The visions that I had today were rough.
And I'm telling you, it shook me because He was talking about all these people who say they're all in, who are in upper leadership.
They've been there, and they have this sense of, 'I've been there, I've done that, I have had the glory on me in the past.'And they want to pretend that they're still on the vine, but the heart of who they really are has waxed cold, and they are no longer that vessel that is on fire for Him.
They have an entitlement: 'I've been there, I've done that, I'm qualified.'But I saw a church through the Father's eyes that was no longer desperate and hungry anymore; they were entitled.
'You have an hour to do this healing room service, two hours at the most, but if it goes over that, it's time for my bedtime.'But people are so desperate for a touch, and you're a leader, and yet you qualify yourself by a clock, saying, 'Well, it's too long.'And the Lord said, 'Brandon, what's about to happen will not be convenient.
A shaking to awaken is coming to America. You're about to see something that you never thought you would see.'And I'm telling you, from sea to shining sea, we will have a great revival.
But there is no urgency in the church. The Lord is showing me that.
I'm not saying everybody—I don't want to lump everybody in the same category because there are some of you who are very urgent, very hungry, desperate for a move of God.
But as a whole, from what He was showing me, He is about to shake you out of your comfort zone.
And He told me, He said, 'A lot of the people that you see, Brandon, are going to go home.
I'm going to show them the door. They're not going to be behind the pulpit anymore. I'm done.
And what you thought you got away with in the past through hidden sin...'He said there is an exposing of things beyond anything.
I saw so many leaders, and He gave me an open-eye vision, and I was going over it, and it was wild.
I was scanning in the spirit realm, and I was looking at each individual face, and He was showing me the depth inside of them and what He was requiring of them.
And He said, 'Brandon, there's so much hidden sin and so much compromise that they feel they've gotten away with for so long, and those days are done.
Those days are done of walking in compromise and feeling that you're getting away with something because I didn't do anything about it for so long and you got away.
You're preaching from the pulpit and you have this open window inside of you that is letting the barnyard animals in,'is what I want to say, with sin and compromise, and you just say, 'Well, it's been okay because I've been doing this for years.'Those days are over.
And as we go into September, as we go into the fall, there's an acceleration of things beyond anybody's comprehension of what I've seen, and it quite frankly shook me.
It made me question my walk with Him and say, 'God, search me and know me.
Make me pure before You, Father, by Your blood.'I run to You, Father.
As David said, 'As a deer panteth after the water, so my soul longeth for You.'I don't want to play church anymore.
And I'm telling you, I even saw a major hurricane coming, and He warned me about a major hurricane.
And of this major hurricane, He said, 'This hurricane that's about to hit will be so violent on a major city in Florida.
I saw a storm surge that was the largest ever recorded coming into a major city.'He said, 'This will make Katrina look like a walk in the park for what I've seen coming.'He said, 'The cup of sin is full before Me concerning the city and sex trafficking.'And He said, 'These cities and the people, there's so much witchcraft.
There's so much stuff going on in some of these major cities that the cup of sin is full, Brandon, and seedtime and harvest is accelerating.
And you're about to see a harvest for what they've been sowing.'And I saw a storm surge come into this major city down in Florida that was so massive and so big. I mean, it looked like something out of a movie.
Fish swimming up—I'm talking dolphins swimming in the city, sharks in the city—a major storm surge because this hurricane was so big, genetically altered through weather warfare, hurricanes like how we just saw a Category 1 go to a Category 5 in just a couple of hours.
Never has that happened before. It went from this to, bam, 160 mph plus winds.
Folks, we're in a time like we've never seen before. And He's speaking to me about the hurricanes.
He's speaking to me about signs in the heavens and the earth, and a shaking to awaken.
And He said, 'Ride the wave, Brandon. Ride the wave that's about to take place.
You are about to see a financial outpouring in this time. I saw Jerome Powell. I saw all this stuff incoming with the interest rates.
I saw, like I said, them seizing houses in the days ahead because the people are not able to pay.
I saw inflation. I saw Trump printing money—I'm talking like turning the printing press on in the days ahead.
I saw so much artificial money coming because they realized that the Titanic was sinking and there's nothing they can do to stop it.
But they're going to tell you everything's better, everything's good, 'We're going to make America great again.'But there is no really making America great again, folks.
Regardless of what they tell you, I've seen it. The Lord said to me, He said, 'Brandon, America's debt and where we are is at the point of no return.
Regardless of the tariffs they try to—they say, "We're going to raise tariff prices over here"or "do all this over here, we're going to fix this"—I saw there was no fixing it.
They will bring in and usher in a one-world currency in the days ahead with a digital dollar, with a digital everything that will line up with the beast system.
We're headed for the mark of the beast. Do you understand? We're headed for the end of the end.
It's not about making America great again or making America all this again. We're buying—God's giving us more time—buying time.
We're staying afloat for you to get your house in order so that you won't be caught off guard if you're listening to Him.
Woe unto you who have hidden sin and are not listening to the Father's heartbeat right now and listening to the prophets.
He brought them up like they were of Jeremiah. He said, 'There were so many itching-ear prophets, false prophets prophesying, not My heart.
But I had Jeremiah Braden saying what I needed him to say. Be My Jeremiah.
Warn My people what's coming. Tell My people there's a shaking to awaken.
A major revival is coming.'But what is going to cause the major revival? 'I will not be dealing with a house of compromise.
I want a purified bride without spot or wrinkle.'But what's going to come is a shaking to awaken His church.
And it's the leadership that has been in status quo, thinking everything's okay, 'I can dabble in this and I can dabble in that because I've been doing it for so long and there have not been any consequences for my actions.'And the Lord said, "Those days are done, Brandon."He said, "It's coming to a head.
I saw a mountain that was white-capped that was coming to a head."And he said, "The tip of that thing is about to bust through and you're about to see things that you never dreamed you would see or ever thought of."And I go over this and I go over this to warn you of what the Father's heart is.
Many people do not know. They're hearing so much itching ears'words.
And I refuse to be like the prophets of old and not be like a Jeremiah in these last days warning you that something big is coming—shakings to awaken, earthquakes, tsunamis, fearful sights you will see that will bring you to your knees.
A shaking in the economy beyond anybody's comprehension. But he's given you a window of Trump.
Ride the wave. He said to me again today, "Ride the wave, Brandon.
Prepare your house. Get ready."He doesn't want his beloved to go through things.
But what qualifies you to be his beloved? When he said, "You prophesied in my name.
You laid hands on the sick in my name. You cast out devils in my name.
Depart from me. I never knew you."He never knew you at all. You were never one of his.
Your heart was never there. It was always lip service. You weren't all in.
You weren't sold out. It's not about works. I'm not saying it's about works. But it is about heart.
There's a difference between working and trying to do something to get the anointing versus my heart is truly for you and I'm desperate for you, versus "I have part of the world and part of it, but I'm going to do lip service because it looks pretty like the apple on the outside and everybody wants to bite the apple, but until they get to the center of who you really are."And I saw so many preachers that had so much pride and so much ego and so much going on on the outside.
"We're holy. Oh God, let's worship him for 30 minutes."But their heart of who they were was all about me.
And the Lord said, "You asked so many times to go around some of these people."And he goes, "You know whenever my daughter says, 'Daddy, I want to go over here. I want to do this.
I want to do that.'And as a father, you say, 'No, I see who those kids really are, and I don't want what's on them getting on you.'"So, you can ask to go around certain people, and you're going, "Man, they're so good on the outside. Boy, they're cool. They're popular.
I want to be part of them."And the Lord said to me, "I don't want what's on them on you because you don't know the core of who they really are."I'm protecting you just like you protect your kids and you say, "I see through the spirit who they are and you're not going over to their house.
You're not doing this. You're not doing that."I've done that my whole life over my son, over my daughter. You know, that's just the way we are.
I don't allow my kids to do certain things because I'm not judging, but it's my job as the father to protect the innocence inside of them because God's given me those children to protect.
So, what does the Father say about you? "Hey, I want you to do certain things, this and that."And you go, "Well, I haven't had a door open over there.
I haven't had it."Because he's protecting you because he sees something in them that he doesn't want on you—compromise.
And he's saying, "I've got to protect that gift inside you because I'm going to use you greatly in the days ahead."And it may feel really lonely. "I feel so abandoned."Sometimes you feel so lonely.
Sometimes I say, "Where are my friends?"But when I heard Kathryn Kuhlman say she was a person that was always alone, she said, "My social life is zero."And it helped me because I saw a woman that I respect greatly.
We drove over to where she passed away in the hospital today.
And when we were driving around in the city, I said, "That's where Sister Kuhlman went home."And I told my kids as we were doing homeschool, I said, "That's where she went home."One of the greatest pioneer women, I would say, of any generation bringing in healing died right there in this hospital.
I don't know if she went home alone or whatever, but I just reflect on the elders who walked with him.
And she said, "I was alone most of the time. I was sold out to him.
There's a place of dying, a refining fire."And I said, "God, help me.
I don't want what's in this world."Especially after the open-eyed vision that I had that lasted for over an hour.
It shook me because it's so easy to get over into that state of compromise because the world is shiny.
It's so easy to get over into that Hollywood stuff where he's not at all.
He's that still small voice that draws you close to him daily, that is looking for you and saying, "Will you just sit at my feet?"It may not look glamorous at the time because it's the place of surrender.
It's that place of death. It's that place where it doesn't look popular, but that's where he's at. And all I want is him.
And in these last days, for what I saw of so many leaders upon our nation, they have no idea of what's truly coming. A lot of them, they're so full of themselves.
And the Lord said to me, "Brandon, I'm shaking a lot of these people right out the door."And the people you see in the future will be people with new faces.
They won't be people like you see in a lot of this Hollywood stuff.
I saw a humbling coming, ladies and gentlemen, that I'm not happy with.
It won't just be about America. It will be a worldwide humbling because it's a worldwide revival.
And it will be a glorious church rising in Brush Arbor churches, Holy Ghost Woodstocks in the country.
Maybe not so much because these big mega churches, they foreclose on them. I saw a lot of them foreclosed.
I saw a lot of them that could not pay the mortgage on their building because they were so debt heavy and there was not enough money coming in because the church wasn't able to give like they used to because they were just trying to pay their bills because they weren't listening.
How many times have I said it's like Sodom and Gomorrah? Lot was in there and he didn't know what was coming because he became so familiar with Sodom and Gomorrah.
Abraham was the only one that knew it was coming. Why? Because he was close to the Father.
He was a friend of God. The Bible says that Abraham was a friend of God.
And God came and shared his secret things. I refuse to not be a friend of God.
There's nothing else that matters to me. I'd give it all away, every dollar.
I said, "My God, whatever it takes to be close to your heart in these last days."Last night it was awesome.
Diana was getting up off the floor and her back was hurting so bad. She said, "Baby, my back hurts getting off this floor.
Will you please pray for me?"And I grabbed a hold of her and the power of God went out of my hands and went all through her body.
And she said, "Your hands are getting so hot."And the glory of the Lord filled her up and she felt it all night long.
And I don't take any of the... it's not about Brandon, but I want to tell you this.
It's amazing to see somebody get so blessed by the glory. And I said, "Thank you, Lord, for touching my babe.
I appreciate it. She needed it."And it was refreshing. She said, "Brandon, I felt that anointing all night long."And he was working on the inside of her.
He's changing us from glory to glory. He's changing us. I felt it leave my hand. It was so hot.
It felt like fire on my hands and both sides of it just, and it was for her front side and her back side because I just went like this.
Just the glory filled her. And I'm talking filled her and it was wonderful for her.
I'm so glad. But I'm talking about I want more of it. That's the reason I bring it up to you. I want more of it. After what I saw coming, I want more of it.
There will be a desperation as men's hearts grow colder that only the fire of God will shake.
The great apostasy, the great falling away, the great everything that's about to take place—I'm telling you, we must be prepared spiritually for what's about to take place.
He told us he was giving us a window. And as we go into this fall, a great acceleration is coming. In a 24-hour period, everything will change.
We got the letter from these people: "Hey Brandon, did you see that September 23rd and 24th of this week is the week of the main event for the UN, and that this is the time they're wanting to split Jerusalem and have a two-state solution?"—talking about all this from Rosh Hashanah to Rosh Hashanah.
Here we are, another acceleration that happens on Rosh Hashanah for a two-state solution vote on the 23rd of September.
Whenever he said in September everything will change, wanting to talk about this during the week of the Holy Week, having the blood moon happen for 7 billion people to see on the number seven, which is amazing, 7-11.
It's not a coincidence. 7-Eleven, another major event taking place on the 23rd—shakings to awaken these things that the Lord keeps talking to us about.
And then people are saying, "Brandon, do you not keep hearing about this Harvard professor talking about this alien thing coming within the next couple of months, by October or whatever?"And folks, I told you we're going to see something that's going to be a great deception.
So, am I concerned about what happened today in the White House with Zelensky?
Well, we're going to make a peace agreement, we're going to do all this stuff.
I pray it happens. I pray it happens. I told you what I saw, what was discussed, and what it would take.
Now, did they come to an agreement saying they would give the land up?
I don't know what was really said; I haven't had time to listen to all of it.
But I'm going to tell you, I saw events trying to take place as Macron and these other leaders—they're not who they say they are.
I told you what I saw. What was amazing about the sex trafficking, the sporting events, and all the darkness when it came to children?
Even the Prime Minister of Italy said, "Where did all the children go?"Thousands of Ukrainian children have been abducted.
And as a mother and grandmother, every single child has to go back to their family.
This should be one of our main priorities in these negotiations: to make sure that the children come back to Ukraine, to their families.
We need to restore those children back to their families. I say, I know where they are.
I was seeing in the spirit yesterday when we were praying, and the Lord was showing me these children are being trafficked.
It was darkness. And the Lord talked about the venereal disease again last night—sickening things.
And I'm telling you, judgment is coming on these people who are messing with these little kids. And then people say it's boys and girls.
From what I saw, it was little boys and little girls—sick pedophilia rings worse than Epstein.
And the Lord said, "This is coming to an end. I'm bringing judgment down on these people. Seedtime and harvest is going to accelerate.
I'm talking about falling dead right there in the middle of the act."And you're going to hear of celebrities, major sporting celebrities, who will fall dead in the act of messing with these kids in the days ahead.
And you're going to be like, "Who died today?"Because, people, the perversion, the cup of sin is full, they are touching the kids, and God is done.
Pizzagate—all this weird stuff that's going on with these kids, all this nasty stuff that you hear about—I'm telling you folks, there's a judgment that's going to start to set in because the cup of sin is full.
And you will see seedtime and harvest accelerate like we've never seen before.
We're stepping over into another frame that we've—I'm telling you, you need to get your heart ready.
Signs in the heavens, signs in the earth, signs in politics, signs in finances—He's going to bring revival in a great shaking.
I know I say all these things that are really hard to hear, but I have to tell you. I have to tell you, it shook me today.
I pray it comes across—the seriousness of what I felt in my heart—through this video, that you hear me, that you repent before it's too late. The Lord spoke to us yesterday.
He said, "Many people will start to go to hell and come back and tell you what's been seen on the other side."Do you remember when He said that?
He said, "Many people are going to start to go to hell."There've been a lot of encounters of people saying they're going to heaven, but He said, "A lot of people will start to go to hell, and I'm going to give them glimpses of hell, and I'm going to tell them to tell what's going on over there to tell you to get your heart right."So I saw groups of people going and having visions and encounters of hell to warn you.
There's going to be a lot of this, and the Lord warned me about it.
It's very serious stuff because there's no urgency—there's not enough urgency about the signs of the times and the coming of the Lord Jesus Christ.
There will be an urgency, trust me. So, another thing that I saw was a volcano that erupts with so much force behind it that it goes up into the highest levels it's ever gone to.
I don't want to call it outer space, but I'm saying it was so high that some of the ash went to a record-breaking level—the highest ash levels we've known in modern times, or of any kind of record.
This ash went clear up, disrupting flights. And this was in the Italy area.
I saw shaking coming to Italy that would disrupt flights and air travel in the days ahead.
I saw massive explosions of volcanic ash and the power of this thing shooting way up into levels we've never seen before. I don't know, folks.
I just tell you what I see, but I have such an urgency to say it, and I pray, like I said, that it comes across in this video—what the Father is saying.
And you say, "Well, I don't believe all that. This prophet said this, this, this, that."He that has ears to hear, let him hear.
I'm not here to twist your arm to listen to me. I'm here to bring you to prayer. I'm here to tell you it's time to repent.
I'm here to tell you Jesus Christ is standing at the door and you must know Him with all your heart.
"Unless a man be born again, you cannot enter into the kingdom of God."But I'm talking about being sold out today.
You hear me, and I'm saying all that I'm saying, and you go, "Man, you're freaking me out.
What do I do to be saved, Brandon? What do I have to do? I don't want to go to hell.
I don't want to have an opportunity never to know Him and He says, 'Depart from me, I didn't know you.'"The only way you'll ever know Him intimately is to confess your sins.
He said He is faithful and just to forgive us of our sins and cleanse us from all unrighteousness, and turn from your wicked ways.
Every single time Jesus did something in the Bible, He said, "Go and sin no more, lest a worse thing come upon you."He didn't say, "Go and keep doing what you're doing.
Be status quo. Do everything like before. I healed you and you just keep living like a little Jezebel or whatever."He said, "Go and sin no more, lest a worse thing come upon you.
Run! Flee from your sins! Don't go back to your vomit like a dog. Run from it!"And that's what He's trying to tell you.
Yes, grace is sufficient for you, ladies and gentlemen, and His mercies are new every morning, but He didn't tell you to keep going back and living in the filth.
Come up out of the world. Be ye separate unto me. Be holy, for I am holy.
He didn't say, "Keep living like the world."He said, "Be separate unto me.
Be holy, for I am holy."How many times does even Peter say this to the disciples?
Be like Jesus. Don't be like the world. We go from glory to glory, for He's changing us.
And it's by His grace that He's changed us. But we lean onto Him.
We're leaning on Him. Help me, Holy Spirit, today. I need You today.
I'm desperate for more of You today, spending time with Him, and He'll change you from the inside out. So, I'm going to say the sinner's prayer for you right now.
If you want, if you are wayward, if you're a backsliding Christian, you're living compromised, you're sleeping around, you're doing drugs, you're doing all these things, I'm not here to throw rocks at you.
I'm here to tell you it's time to come home. I'm telling you, it's time to repent and come home to Jesus today.
It's time to be sold out to Jesus today. You were once on fire for Him. You were once one of the loudest mouthpieces in the family.
Everybody knew that you were a Christian, but now you're afraid to even talk about it because of so much compromise.
There's no difference between you and the world. But today's your day.
You can repent and come home to the Father. Just like the prodigal son.
He spent all his inheritance, and he was laying in the pigpen, and he came to himself, and he said, "I've got to go home to my dad.
Maybe he would even let me be a servant in his household."But the moment the Father saw him coming from afar, he said, "Kill the fatted calf.
My son's coming home."And he grabbed him and he wrapped him in a robe.
He didn't deserve it, but He gave him back everything. He restored him.
He said, "Son, welcome home."He loved on him. And that's the way our Father is to you.
He's never turned His back on you. You turned your back on Him.
He's waiting for you just to come through that door today. He's saying, "Welcome home, son. Welcome home, daughter. I've been waiting on you.
Though you have left Me, I welcome you home."That's what He says to you today: "I welcome you home."But as you feel that tugging at your heart, as you feel that you need to come home today, don't wait.
Don't wait out of shame. The devil tells you He'll never accept you back, that you've messed up too bad this time.
There's nothing too big for God to forgive. I don't care what you've done.
The moment you repent of it and turn away from it, Jesus Christ is standing right there, ready to wash you with His blood.
He is ready to put that new garment on you, to cleanse you, and say, "I love you, and I've never turned My back on you. I have never forsaken you.
I love you."But He's looking for a heart that's wanting to be before Him and say, "I'm just sold out today."So, I want to say this prayer.
I'm going to say this prayer, and we're just going to welcome you back.
He's leaving the ninety-nine to go after the one. That's where He's at right now. He's looking.
So, in all the things that I've said and all the things that are coming, you don't have to be a part of it.
We're part of the glorious church. Why? I'm not participating in all that.
My house, we're looking for Him. Our lamps are full of oil. We're just like the virgins.
There were five that had their lamps that were full and five that didn't.
Which one are you? Is your lamp full today? Are you looking for the coming of the Lord Jesus Christ?
Or are you too busy doing your own business, doing whatever you think you should be doing, and it's not His plan for your life?
Or is your lamp full and you're anticipating the coming of the Lord Jesus Christ?
I choose to be one of the five whose lamps are full. Yes, whose lamps are full.
So, Father, I just thank You. Say, "Jesus, I repent. I'm coming home today.
I turn my back on the world. I turn my back on the devil. I've messed up.
I've let compromise in my life. I've let sin back in my life. There's no difference between me and the world.
And Lord, that shouldn't be. I surrender my life to You again.
And I turn my back on all that which I've been doing. And I'm asking You to cleanse me from all of it.
I run to You with my arms wide open, Lord, and I'm asking You to accept me again as Your child.
I know You've never forgotten me. I know You've never turned Your back on me.
I turned my back on You. Forgive me. I love You, Lord. And I thank You for a new start. I thank You that as of today, I have a new start.
I need this new start, and I thank You, Lord, that You're able to give it to me because of Your saving grace and Your love for me.
I'm coming home, Lord. I love You in Jesus'name."That's it.
You just say it from your heart: "I'm coming home today. I don't want to be in this world anymore, doing all this.
Help me. Deliver me from all these bondages, all these chains that have tried to bind me up.
I thank You, Lord, that You've come to set the captives free.
I believe that whom the Son has set free is free indeed today, and I'm free from that in the name of Jesus.
I'm on the right side of things. Amen and amen."Amen. I believe that.
I believe it. It's just that simple. You just say, "God, I messed up. I did."I say it all the time: "Lord, I messed up today.
Forgive me."Don't let a thing become a stronghold in you, where the enemy comes in as a stronghold and He binds you up so much that you go, "Man, I don't ever know...
it's so dark that I'm in a big pit."But God will still set you free from your pits. You know what I'm saying? God is a merciful God.
So if you just said that prayer, if you just meant that with your heart and you say, "Today is my new start,"I want you to comment in the comment section down below.
Let us rejoice with you that you've come home to God today. Let Diana and I rejoice.
Let us rejoice with you that you just made the best decision again to just say, "Hey, I'm all in again. I messed up, but I'm back in the fold.
I gave my heart to Jesus Christ again today and I'm sold out again, and I'm going to have a new start today."Let's rejoice with you down below.
Let the family, our family here at this YouTube channel, rejoice with you for the decision you made today.
There's nothing too big and there's nothing too small. God paid the price for it all, ladies and gentlemen.
And I believe that today a lot of people are coming home. So in all the things that I've said today, I don't know when all this is coming.
All I know is the Lord gave us a window, and He keeps talking to me about it: "Don't squander the window.
Don't squander the window."And I know these are not popular things I say, folks, but the Lord tells me to tell you again, there's a shaking to awaken.
And I don't know how many times I'll warn you over and over, but His mercy is so amazing that He keeps bringing it up.
And every single time He brings it up to me, it's said in a different way.
It's the same thing but said in a different way, but it comes across new, warning His heart of where He's at—that it's time to come home to Jesus, it's time to repent, stop living like the world, come up out of the world.
And I'm like, "Wow, okay, God. I'll deliver the message again."And then a couple of weeks later will go by, and I think everything's different, and He goes back to that, and I go, "Well, okay. Oh, wow.
Okay."And then it's so sobering and it's so heavy, and I'm driving around and I'm like, "Oh, Lord, this is so heavy."When I'm praying in the spirit and I'm going over this, I feel like I have a 500-pound weight on me.
That's what it felt like, the intercession of this: praying for the city, praying for the church, praying for where we are as the body.
And you think, "Oh no, can't we just bypass all this and go straight to the revival?"But what is it going to take to get the people that are asleep out of their slumber?
I think that's where he's at. What does it take? There's so many people that have waxed cold.
There's so many people whose hearts are in compromise, and they think they're okay, and that nothing's going to happen. COVID was a wakeup call.
The first one, he said, 'I've yelled and I've yelled and I've yelled, but I've now come shaking to awaken.'And he said, 'But if they don't wake up this time, I'll send another something.
There'll be something else come to wake the church for the urgency of the hour.'And the first round was COVID, and that lasted for like three years, whatever.
And I thought it was never going to go away. And then now he's talking about another something coming.
And I'm like, 'Folks, this... He said this time they'll wake up.
This time people are going to wake up.'My goodness. How many people passed away from COVID?
How many people went home from these things? I knew a lot. But I know that you're on the right side.
Who is on the Lord's side? Who is on the side of the Lord? Where are the people that are a remnant that are waiting for the harvest?
The shaking to awaken. Did God cause all this? No. Seed time and harvest, it never ceases.
Whatsoever a man sows, that will he also reap. Period. You plant a seed, you reap a harvest. Period.
So basically, the bottom line is we're going to see the full manifestations of seed time and harvest when it comes to these cities, when it comes to this stuff.
And you're going to go, 'Wow, why does it seem like judgment?'It's not judgment.
It's the acceleration of seed time. I need you to hear me. What's about to happen is not God's judgment.
It's not an Ichabod, where it's going to seem like the glory has departed.
What I'm trying to tell y'all is that it's not God's judgment. This is the acceleration of seed time and harvest.
And the Bible says clearly that whatsoever a man sows, that will he also reap.
And because you think you've gotten away with something because of grace, 'Oh, it's okay.
I've been doing hidden sin for so long and I never had any judgment come to it.'All of a sudden, they're going to start to see the seed time and harvest accelerate, and you're going to start reaping everything you sowed.
That's why I say ask for a crop failure, repent, and walk away versus letting the harvest of what you've sowed show up at your door in a big poo-poo package.
Because some of you have got a bad harvest coming from some bad seeds.
And you've got a big old poo package coming to your door, and you're going to go, 'What?
I never knew I had this.'But you've been living in sin this whole time thinking you're okay, and a poo package is coming.
True repentance means to turn away from it. Yes, to turn away from it.
And it's sad because not very many people, even in the body of Christ, I saw them, they're living in compromise.
There's so much of it. And the Lord told me, he said, 'Brandon, always check yourself, too.'I check myself.
He's telling me, 'Check yourself, too. Your gas doesn't smell like roses, either.
When you break wind, it doesn't smell like roses.'It's like, 'You check yourself, too.'You know what I'm saying?
I'm not saying Brandon's not perfect. Nobody up in here is perfect. Our wind stinks, too. But it's time to get real.
And the Lord said, 'Examine yourself.'And that may sound real gross, but it's just real. It's time to get real.
I saw preachers looking at things on the internet that they shouldn't be looking at, thinking it was okay to be looking at things.
I saw people social drinking and thinking it's okay to get a little tipsy and a little drunk.
'It's okay to go out and go to a club and drink some shots and do it all and be like the world because I need a little break.'But you're shooting back whiskey and you're shooting back stuff, and there's no difference between you and the world.
'Well, I had a six-pack this weekend because I had a hard week.
Bless God. But I went to church on Sunday.'It's not okay. That's what the Lord told me.
It's not okay to be drinking and getting buzzed and drinking and doing all this stuff.
It's not okay to be watching bad things on the internet. It's not okay to do what the world does and act like it's okay. He said, 'Be separate. Be called out.
Be like me.'And that's what the Lord was talking to me about, dressing like hoochie mamas, I'm going to call it, like wearing stuff where you don't even know...
You see them coming to church and you go, 'How is that lady dressed like that?'or going to a revival and she has a shorter skirt on...
I'm like, if she bends over, she's going to show everything. It shouldn't be that way.
You have to go, 'Oh my God, if she falls out in the Holy Ghost and lays there, she's going to be exposing everybody to her business.'That's not funny. It's serious because it's happening.
How many times I've been in a Billy Burke's going, 'My goodness, if she falls out, I hope the ushers there are quick to throw that drape cloth over the top of her, you know.'And they go, 'How long have you been...''I've been a saved Christian for all this time,'and you're showing everybody your business.
The Lord told me, he said, 'Brandon, I'm calling a standard for the women, that they're not a sexual object to be conquered.'Women are not a sexual object to be conquered.
They're holy and they're righteous, and they are set apart for me.
'Their bodies are my temple. I desire, I flow through a woman just like I flow through a man.
But you dressing like a Jezebel, a little hoochie mama, Jesus dwells on the inside of you and you dress like a stripper.'I'm just saying, there has to be a higher consecration.
And I'm not harping on the women today, but I'm telling you there is a lackadaisicalness in dress, that it comes to a point in time where you have to look away and you're going, 'My goodness, that's for nighttime, going to bed, or whatever.'You know, I'm just saying, for your husband.
Yeah, but that's not supposed to be going on like that at Walmart or wherever you go.
'Oh my gosh, son, hurry, turn your head.'You know, and it's sad.
You're at church. No, hold on. We're not at Walmart. We're at church.
It's not funny, it's serious. I'm trying to help you. There's a shaking to awaken to those who know better. Yes, to those who know better.
Now, if you're new and you just got born again yesterday, then it's time to come up higher, and the Holy Spirit will teach you.
Yes, the Holy Spirit will teach you. There's a grace. He loves you, and he wants us to go from glory to glory. Glory to God. Well, there you go.
That was probably not easy to swallow, just like it wasn't for me, but I have to deliver what he told me to deliver to you.
One of the things the Lord said to me, he said, 'America,'as I was looking at the sun, and he said, 'America, you have worshiped so freely without persecution, without any hindrance.
You're able to worship, but you only want to worship when it's convenient for you.'There's so many people, he said, 'You only want to worship when it's convenient for you.
But of all the nations, I've favored you with religious freedom.
I've given it to you, but you want to limit the services to an hour.
You want to limit the services to thirty minutes.'Well, it's not time-sensitive.
The revival healing is not time-sensitive. So, you know what? 'We want to cut the service off in two hours.
Sorry.'But he said, 'I've given you more freedom than any other nation when it comes to freedom of worship, freedom of speech, freedom of expression, but yet you do so little with it when it comes to what you could have.
Well, it's not convenient, it's not this, but I've given it to you so freely, but you take it for granted.'That's what he's saying.
As I was looking out over China that would beg for just a couple of days of what we take for granted every single day.
Just give me an opportunity to be able to say what I want to say without losing my life in the Middle East.
But yet that's what he was looking at. And he in North Korea can't say nothing.
Kill you right there. Can't worship at all. It's never convenient. Do you understand what he was looking at as a nation?
And it was like I seen it through the Father's eyes, and I thought, "Father, help me.
I don't want to be a spoiled brat."So, that's what I had for y'all today.
I appreciate every single one of you being here and listening to me.
It's not a rant. It's the heart of the Father, of what I've prayed through today.
This is what I got in prayer, and it was very heavy. But I pray for every single one of you.
And I want to lift you up before the Father right now. And I pray for revival over America. I pray for a shaking to awaken.
And Father, I just thank You, Lord, right now for every single person who's watching this video.
Father, that we repent. We turn. We seek You, Father. And You said that those who seek Me will find Me, those who knock, the door will be opened.
And Father, I thank You, Lord, that as for me and my house, we will serve the Lord.
We bow our knee to the Father of our Lord Jesus Christ, and we seek You daily, not just Sundays and Wednesdays for just a 30-minute service or an hour.
We seek You, Father, and we're sold out, Father. And Father, I say, "Here am I, Lord.
Send me."Father, as we come before You boldly on this YouTube broadcast, we pray over our brothers and sisters that there is a major shaking, a stirring going on in the body of Christ to shake out all the hidden sin, to bring forth righteousness back in the pulpits again, to bring forth holiness in Your altar again.
Father, that there will be no compromise, that we'll be a church without spot or wrinkle.
We know we receive it by grace. We receive it by faith. But Father, there is a point where we say, "Father, we don't want any of the world.
We want all of You."That we're at that altar saying, "Father, here am I, Lord.
Use me. Change me, making me a clean heart. Clean me up, Father.
I know I don't want to have any of this stuff on the inside of me, but God, the only way I can get it there with You is by Your Son's grace and by Your blood.
And I run to You, Father, when I sin, and I don't run away from You.
But Father, I thank You, Lord, that You're changing us from glory to glory.
Father, that we set ourselves apart for You, Father, for the glorious Holy Ghost and fire to flow through us, Father, that people would see it and they would run to it, Father, like bugs to a light; they would see the glory on us.
But You're not going to anoint vessels that are all strung out and doing compromise.
I'm not talking about me having a moment of a mess up; I'm talking about a person who lives there—lives there.
We all fall sometimes and skin our knee, but we don't live there.
There's a big difference. So, Father, I say we come out and be separate from among them. We come out, and we're separate from among them.
Father, I thank You, Lord, for healing and demonstrations and manifestations of the glory on our bodies.
Father, I thank You, Lord, that healing belongs to us. That we receive everything You have for us in the name of Jesus, and we will lack no good thing.
Diana, Braden, Paisley, my Megan, all of us, Father, we will lack no good thing.
Thank You, Lord. The healing belongs to them in the name of Jesus.
From the top of their head to the soles of their feet, You've come to set the captives free.
And I believe, Father, that today is the day for complete healing over their bodies.
Father, I thank You, Lord, for the meeting that Zelensky and President Trump had today.
Father, I don't know what was said yet and what You showed me.
You haven't shown me anything concerning it, but Father, I thank You, Lord, that the war in Ukraine ends, Father, and that there's peace and the lives lost stop.
Father, we believe, Father, that there's an expiration date to that war.
That there would not be an acceleration of a black swan event, a major event to try to trigger this thing off in another way.
Father, that we would have wisdom, that Donald Trump would have wisdom on how to lead in a way that is godly, smart, and of peace in these last days.
Father, that You'd give us a glimpse for a revival, a window of revival as we'd see this thing trying to escalate.
Father, I thank You that You'd defuse things. Father, there's peace, Father, for a revival. Awaken, Father, awaken in the church.
Father, that the people would come out from among them and repent, for a great shaking is about to take place in our weather, in our economy, in our politics, in the heavens.
Regardless of what the outcome is of all this, I always pray for peace.
We always pray for people's lives and that the children will be okay.
That's where we are with all this. That's where we stand as the salt.
We don't get off in La-La Land and say, "Well, we want to just let it all happen."But we always pray for our leaders, and we pray for peace over the nations, for God to have His way of peace and that people wouldn't lose their lives through calamity of any kind.
That's our job: to always pray for peace regardless. Well, we may not see it. We may see an escalation of war.
I've seen an escalation of war, but I still pray for our leaders, and we pray for things not to happen that are bad.
Christians believe for good. The devil's a bad devil, and God's a good God, and that's where we stand.
Father, I thank You, Lord, for healings and for the glory and for our pastors. Father, we thank You, Lord, for our pastors.
We thank You for our evangelists, the teachers, the prophets, the people in the five-fold ministry.
We call forth a stirring in their spirits. Father, we thank You, Lord, that You're bringing them back to the heart of God.
You're bringing them back to the pulse. You're bringing them back to repentance and preaching the coming of the Lord Jesus Christ.
Father, that time is running out, and the church wakes up and comes out of the slumber that they've been in, that they wake up and they start to repent, and they come back to Jesus by the billions—I'm not going to say millions, billions.
Thank You, Father, that this will be the greatest harvest of souls this world has ever seen before.
And we thank You, Lord, that this is the greatest hour of the church.
And Father, that we will have brush arbor churches and we will have major revivals in the country.
We'll have this amazing outpouring of Your Spirit like we've never seen before.
Thank You, Lord, for the signs of the times. And thank You, Father, for September.
Thank You, Father, for the rest of this year. We have four months left of this year.
And Father, we thank You, Lord, that it will be the greatest times of what we've ever seen before.
For the outpouring of finances, Father, will start with us. And we will be there to reap, Father.
Everything that has been sown, we will reap the good fruit of the land in Jesus'name.
Thank You, Lord, that we're always in the right place at the right time, doing exactly what You've called us to do, hearing Your voice, and a stranger's voice we will not follow.
We thank You, Lord, for healings and, Father, for deliverances and marriages restored in Jesus'name. And we say amen and amen.
Well, if you're here today and you've never watched one of our videos, thank you for being a part of it today. Thank you for watching. Thank you for sticking around.
And I know it's not always easy to hear some of the things I say, but I believe I hear what the Lord is saying to say to you.
If you could, please subscribe. Click the notification bell.
Click the like button. Click the thumbs up. Do everything you can do to help us with the algorithm.
We really appreciate it. And thank you for all the communion cups.
The people have sent us the communion. Thank you for all the water.
People have been so kind, water and communion cups. I mean it.
I told Dian, I said, "People have sent from Amazon."Yeah, Amazon.
Organic or Amazon communion. That's nice. People are so kind.
I love you. Yeah, straight from Amazon. Appreciate it. Thank you so much. God bless you. Words can't express, you know.
And then they sent me these bottles of water and I thought, "Isn't that nice?"People are just loving on us and I just want to say thank you.
God bless you all. Always having such a kind heart, always trying for a glass of water, for a cup of communion juice.
I said, "Wow, people just loving on you."I told Dian, I said, "You know, you never asked for any of them. They just send it to you just being a blessing.
I just wanted to say thank you."Got several boxes and people just saying, "Hey, we just wanted to love on you."In the notes, it's like, "Wow, God bless y'all."Again, thank you for your support.
Thank you for always being here praying with us, even whenever I deliver words like this.
I really appreciate it. God bless you all. Thank you for joining us.
Thank you. Diana loves it. We both, we love you all so much. Yep. Remember, put a smile on your face.
Oh, the Lord said, "Pray for protection over the kids at school."Thank you, Lord.
There's a hedge of protection around the kids at school as they go back to school.
I say, remember the video I told you to go around driving around pleading the blood over your city and around your kids'school.
Don't leave that for somebody else to do. You do it. You're the mama. You're the daddy.
You go out there and you pray over your kids and say, "Angels of the Lord, go around and protect them as my children go to school.
No weapon formed against them will prosper. A thousand shall fall at their side and 10,000 at the right hand, but nothing shall come nigh them.
As they go to school, they're protected. No shootings, no calamity, no nothing, no bullies, no nothing.
We plead the blood."Even when kids go and get bullied at school, I take authority for we wrestle not against flesh and blood.
So we thank you, Lord. We take authority over the spirit that is maneuvering in that kid, bullying my kid.
I will not have my child be bullied by a schoolyard bully, and we take authority over that spirit that's inside of that boy or that girl who's bullying my child.
And I say in the name of Jesus, cease and desist your maneuvering against my child and you stop it right now. You will not harass my child anymore.
We come against that spirit of bullying in Jesus'name and we will have peace over our children, and my child will not be bullied when they go to school because it's the light in your child that the darkness is trying to come against. Do you understand?
The Lord tells me to say, "Your child is dealing with bullies because they see the light in them and the demonic spirits are trying to attack them."So you use your authority over those demonic spirits and tell them, "You're not harassing my child at school anymore.
I take authority over this demonic spirit harassing my boy or my daughter in the name of Jesus."And we thank you, Lord, that we have authority over this and we say cease and desist in your maneuvering.
Stop it now in Jesus'name. And we call peace over this circumstance.
And they will not be bullied anymore at school. Amen and amen. That's easy to do. You do that every day.
And you anoint your kids with oil and you send them off to school if that's what you can do.
That's your part, what you can do. Pray over your children. Use your authority. Yes. And anoint them with oil.
And I believe that God will keep them from sickness and disease, the flu, whatever comes, that nothing will come nigh them.
Cover them in the blood. Take communion with them. Teach them their covenant. You have a covenant, right?
Taking communion over your kids and say, "Father, we take communion as a family.
And no snot bugs are coming at us. No flu bugs are coming at us this year.
We're not going to get any stomach bugs there.""Well, it's just because everybody in the school's been sick.""No, my kids aren't going to get sick. I anointed them with oil. The blood of Jesus covers them.
And when they go into school, they're going to keep that covenant of the blood dome around them and no weapon formed against them will prosper."You have to exercise the authority, but find scripture that pertains to what you're believing God for.
Psalm 91 is a great word, a place to start. Psalm 91 and read Psalm 91 over your kids before they go to school, before they get on the bus.
It may take a couple minutes earlier, but to get up for one minute extra or two minutes, or what it takes you to read that, read that over them and claim Psalm 91 over your child as they go to school and believe it as you believe it.
You're a believing believer and it's going to happen. As they go to sporting events, as they go to a friend's house, we believe Psalm 91 is covering you.
Find scriptures that pertain to what you're believing for as you go about your day and about what you're at your school.
And then call your finances in. Call the abundant harvest in. Speak to the spirit.
Say, "Father, I thank you, Lord, that abundance is all over us.
And we have an overflow in Jesus'name. We're no longer living from paycheck to paycheck. We have an abundance over our households.
And we speak to the seeds we've sowed, Father, and we thank you, Lord, that they reap back a hundredfold.
I don't just believe for 60-fold. I'm believing for 100-fold.
If you get 50-fold and you're believing for 100, that's pretty good.
500,000 of a million when what you're believing for is pretty nice. You know what I'm saying?
I would be like, 'Hey, if I'm believing for a million bucks and I get 500,000, that's a nice day.'You know what I'm saying?
Praise God. So, don't despise small beginnings, but I mean, that's a big beginning, but I'm just saying. You know what I'm saying?
I'm trying to tell you all to believe big, but don't get discouraged if your faith is only at 30-fold and you get back a harvest.
At least you're getting a harvest back. That's what I'm saying.
So, I want you to get encouraged today at the same time before I give you this message.
You know, put a smile on your face and a song in your heart. Jesus loves you so much and we love you. God bless you all. Bye-bye.